[Music]
[Music] and the Lord spoke to Moses on the first
and the Lord spoke to Moses on the first
and the Lord spoke to Moses on the first day of the first month you shall set up
day of the first month you shall set up
day of the first month you shall set up the tabernacle of the tent of meeting
the tabernacle of the tent of meeting
the tabernacle of the tent of meeting you shall put in it the Ark of the
you shall put in it the Ark of the
you shall put in it the Ark of the testimony and partition off the ark with
testimony and partition off the ark with
testimony and partition off the ark with the Vail you shall bring in the table
the Vail you shall bring in the table
the Vail you shall bring in the table and arrange the things that are to be
and arrange the things that are to be
and arrange the things that are to be set in order on it and you shall bring
set in order on it and you shall bring
set in order on it and you shall bring in the lamp stand and light its lamps
in the lamp stand and light its lamps
in the lamp stand and light its lamps you shall also set the altar of gold for
you shall also set the altar of gold for
you shall also set the altar of gold for the incense before the Ark of the
the incense before the Ark of the
the incense before the Ark of the testimony and put up the screen for the
testimony and put up the screen for the
testimony and put up the screen for the door of the tabernacle then you shall
door of the tabernacle then you shall
door of the tabernacle then you shall set the altar of the burnt offering
set the altar of the burnt offering
set the altar of the burnt offering before the door of the tabernacle of the
before the door of the tabernacle of the
before the door of the tabernacle of the tent of meeting and you shall set the
tent of meeting and you shall set the
tent of meeting and you shall set the Laver
Laver
Laver between the tabernacle of meeting and
between the tabernacle of meeting and
between the tabernacle of meeting and the altar and put water in it you shall
the altar and put water in it you shall
the altar and put water in it you shall set up the court all around and hang up
set up the court all around and hang up
set up the court all around and hang up the screen of the court gate and you
the screen of the court gate and you
the screen of the court gate and you shall take the anointing oil and anoint
shall take the anointing oil and anoint
shall take the anointing oil and anoint the tabernacle and all that is in it and
the tabernacle and all that is in it and
the tabernacle and all that is in it and you shall hallow it and all its utensils
you shall hallow it and all its utensils
you shall hallow it and all its utensils and it shall be holy you shall anoint
and it shall be holy you shall anoint
and it shall be holy you shall anoint the altar of the burnt offering and all
the altar of the burnt offering and all
the altar of the burnt offering and all its utensils and consecrate the altar
its utensils and consecrate the altar
its utensils and consecrate the altar the altar shall be must holy and you
the altar shall be must holy and you
the altar shall be must holy and you shall anoint the Laver and its space and
shall anoint the Laver and its space and
shall anoint the Laver and its space and consecrated
consecrated
consecrated then you shall bring Aaron and his sons
then you shall bring Aaron and his sons
then you shall bring Aaron and his sons to the door of the tabernacle of meeting
to the door of the tabernacle of meeting
to the door of the tabernacle of meeting and washed them with water you shall put
and washed them with water you shall put
and washed them with water you shall put the holy garments on Aaron and anoint
the holy garments on Aaron and anoint
the holy garments on Aaron and anoint him and consecrate him that he may
him and consecrate him that he may
him and consecrate him that he may minister to me as priests and you shall
minister to me as priests and you shall
minister to me as priests and you shall bring his sons and clothed them with
bring his sons and clothed them with
bring his sons and clothed them with tunics you shall anoint them as you
tunics you shall anoint them as you
tunics you shall anoint them as you anointed their father that they may
anointed their father that they may
anointed their father that they may minister to me as priests for their
minister to me as priests for their
minister to me as priests for their anointing shall surely be an everlasting
anointing shall surely be an everlasting
anointing shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their generations
priesthood throughout their generations
priesthood throughout their generations thus Moses did according to all that the
thus Moses did according to all that the
thus Moses did according to all that the Lord had commanded him so he did and it
Lord had commanded him so he did and it
Lord had commanded him so he did and it came to pass in the first month of the
came to pass in the first month of the
came to pass in the first month of the second year on the first day of the
second year on the first day of the
second year on the first day of the month that the tabernacle was raised up
month that the tabernacle was raised up
month that the tabernacle was raised up so Moses raised up the tabernacle
so Moses raised up the tabernacle
so Moses raised up the tabernacle fastened its sockets set up its boards
fastened its sockets set up its boards
fastened its sockets set up its boards put in its bars and raised up its
put in its bars and raised up its
put in its bars and raised up its pillars and he spread out the tent over
pillars and he spread out the tent over
pillars and he spread out the tent over the tabernacle and put the covering of
the tabernacle and put the covering of
the tabernacle and put the covering of the tent on top of it as the Lord had
the tent on top of it as the Lord had
the tent on top of it as the Lord had commanded Moses he took the testimony
commanded Moses he took the testimony
commanded Moses he took the testimony and put it into the ark inserted the
and put it into the ark inserted the
and put it into the ark inserted the poles through the rings of the Ark and
poles through the rings of the Ark and
poles through the rings of the Ark and put the mercy seat on top of the Ark and
put the mercy seat on top of the Ark and
put the mercy seat on top of the Ark and he brought the ark into the tabernacle
he brought the ark into the tabernacle
he brought the ark into the tabernacle hung up the veil of the covering and
hung up the veil of the covering and
hung up the veil of the covering and partitioned off the Ark of the testimony
partitioned off the Ark of the testimony
partitioned off the Ark of the testimony as the Lord had commanded Moses he put
as the Lord had commanded Moses he put
as the Lord had commanded Moses he put the table in the tabernacle of meeting
the table in the tabernacle of meeting
the table in the tabernacle of meeting on the north side of the tabernacle
on the north side of the tabernacle
on the north side of the tabernacle outside the veil and he set the bread in
outside the veil and he set the bread in
outside the veil and he set the bread in order upon it before the Lord as the
order upon it before the Lord as the
order upon it before the Lord as the Lord had commanded Moses he put the
Lord had commanded Moses he put the
Lord had commanded Moses he put the lampstand in the tabernacle of meeting
lampstand in the tabernacle of meeting
lampstand in the tabernacle of meeting across from the table on the south side
across from the table on the south side
across from the table on the south side of the tabernacle and he lit the lamps
of the tabernacle and he lit the lamps
of the tabernacle and he lit the lamps before the Lord as the Lord had
before the Lord as the Lord had
before the Lord as the Lord had commanded Moses
commanded Moses
commanded Moses he put the gold altar in the tabernacle
he put the gold altar in the tabernacle
he put the gold altar in the tabernacle of meeting in front of the veil and he
of meeting in front of the veil and he
of meeting in front of the veil and he burned sweet incense on it as the Lord
burned sweet incense on it as the Lord
burned sweet incense on it as the Lord had commanded Moses he higher up the
had commanded Moses he higher up the
had commanded Moses he higher up the screen at the door of the tabernacle and
screen at the door of the tabernacle and
screen at the door of the tabernacle and he put the altar of burnt-offering
he put the altar of burnt-offering
he put the altar of burnt-offering before the door of the tabernacle of the
before the door of the tabernacle of the
before the door of the tabernacle of the tent of meeting and offered upon it the
tent of meeting and offered upon it the
tent of meeting and offered upon it the burnt offering and the grain offering as
burnt offering and the grain offering as
burnt offering and the grain offering as the Lord had commanded Moses he said the
the Lord had commanded Moses he said the
the Lord had commanded Moses he said the Laver between the tabernacle of meeting
Laver between the tabernacle of meeting
Laver between the tabernacle of meeting and the altar and put water there for
and the altar and put water there for
and the altar and put water there for washing and Moses Aaron and his sons
washing and Moses Aaron and his sons
washing and Moses Aaron and his sons would wash their hands and their feet
would wash their hands and their feet
would wash their hands and their feet with water from it whenever they went
with water from it whenever they went
with water from it whenever they went into the tabernacle of meeting and when
into the tabernacle of meeting and when
into the tabernacle of meeting and when they came near the altar they washed as
they came near the altar they washed as
they came near the altar they washed as the Lord had commanded Moses and he
the Lord had commanded Moses and he
the Lord had commanded Moses and he raised up the court all around the
raised up the court all around the
raised up the court all around the tabernacle and the altar and hung up the
tabernacle and the altar and hung up the
tabernacle and the altar and hung up the screen of the court gate so Moses
screen of the court gate so Moses
screen of the court gate so Moses finished the work then the cloud covered
finished the work then the cloud covered
finished the work then the cloud covered the tabernacle of meeting and the glory
the tabernacle of meeting and the glory
the tabernacle of meeting and the glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle
of the Lord filled the tabernacle
of the Lord filled the tabernacle and Moses was not able to enter the
and Moses was not able to enter the
and Moses was not able to enter the tabernacle of meeting because the cloud
tabernacle of meeting because the cloud
tabernacle of meeting because the cloud rested above it and the glory of the
rested above it and the glory of the
rested above it and the glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle
Lord filled the tabernacle
Lord filled the tabernacle whenever the cloud was taken up from
whenever the cloud was taken up from
whenever the cloud was taken up from above the tabernacle the children of
above the tabernacle the children of
above the tabernacle the children of Israel would go onward in all their
Israel would go onward in all their
Israel would go onward in all their journeys but if the cloud was not taken
journeys but if the cloud was not taken
journeys but if the cloud was not taken up then they did not journey till the
up then they did not journey till the
up then they did not journey till the day that it was taken up for the cloud
day that it was taken up for the cloud
day that it was taken up for the cloud of the Lord was above the tabernacle by
of the Lord was above the tabernacle by
of the Lord was above the tabernacle by day and fire was over it by night in the
day and fire was over it by night in the
day and fire was over it by night in the sight of all the house of Israel
sight of all the house of Israel
sight of all the house of Israel throughout all their journeys